<!-- TOC -->
      * [1. What is Android Jetpack Compose, and why was it introduced?](#1-what-is-android-jetpack-compose-and-why-was-it-introduced)
      * [2. Explain the difference between View-based UI framework and Jetpack Compose.](#2-explain-the-difference-between-view-based-ui-framework-and-jetpack-compose)
      * [3. What are the advantages of using Jetpack Compose over the traditional View system?](#3-what-are-the-advantages-of-using-jetpack-compose-over-the-traditional-view-system)
      * [4. What is a Composable function in Jetpack Compose?](#4-what-is-a-composable-function-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [5. How does state management work in Jetpack Compose?](#5-how-does-state-management-work-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [6. What is the role of the Modifier in Jetpack Compose?](#6-what-is-the-role-of-the-modifier-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [7. How is navigation handled in Jetpack Compose?](#7-how-is-navigation-handled-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [8. Explain the concept of recomposition in Jetpack Compose.](#8-explain-the-concept-of-recomposition-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [9. How can you handle user input and events in Jetpack Compose?](#9-how-can-you-handle-user-input-and-events-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [10. What is the purpose of ViewModel in Jetpack Compose?](#10-what-is-the-purpose-of-viewmodel-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [11. How does Jetpack Compose integrate with existing Android frameworks and libraries?](#11-how-does-jetpack-compose-integrate-with-existing-android-frameworks-and-libraries)
      * [12. What are the key components of the Jetpack Compose architecture?](#12-what-are-the-key-components-of-the-jetpack-compose-architecture)
      * [13. How do you perform animations in Jetpack Compose?](#13-how-do-you-perform-animations-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [14. What is the purpose of ConstraintLayout in Jetpack Compose?](#14-what-is-the-purpose-of-constraintlayout-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [15. How do you handle theming and styling in Jetpack Compose?](#15-how-do-you-handle-theming-and-styling-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [16. Explain the concept of side effects in Jetpack Compose.](#16-explain-the-concept-of-side-effects-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [17. How can you handle asynchronous operations in Jetpack Compose?](#17-how-can-you-handle-asynchronous-operations-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [18. What are Compose key events, and how are they used?](#18-what-are-compose-key-events-and-how-are-they-used)
      * [19. How do you test UI components in Jetpack Compose?](#19-how-do-you-test-ui-components-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [20. What is the purpose of remember in Jetpack Compose, and how is it used?](#20-what-is-the-purpose-of-remember-in-jetpack-compose-and-how-is-it-used)
      * [21. What is the role of StateFlow and SharedFlow in Jetpack Compose?](#21-what-is-the-role-of-stateflow-and-sharedflow-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [22. How can you handle input validation in Jetpack Compose?](#22-how-can-you-handle-input-validation-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [23. Explain the concept of lazy composition in Jetpack Compose.](#23-explain-the-concept-of-lazy-composition-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [24. What are recomposition triggers, and how can you use them?](#24-what-are-recomposition-triggers-and-how-can-you-use-them)
      * [25. How can you handle keyboard input in Jetpack Compose?](#25-how-can-you-handle-keyboard-input-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [26. What is the role of CompositionLocal in Jetpack Compose?](#26-what-is-the-role-of-compositionlocal-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [27. How do you handle orientation changes in Jetpack Compose?](#27-how-do-you-handle-orientation-changes-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [28. Explain the concept of accessibility support in Jetpack Compose.](#28-explain-the-concept-of-accessibility-support-in-jetpack-compose)
      * [29. How can you integrate Jetpack Compose with data binding?](#29-how-can-you-integrate-jetpack-compose-with-data-binding)
      * [30. What are the best practices for performance optimization in Jetpack Compose?](#30-what-are-the-best-practices-for-performance-optimization-in-jetpack-compose)
<!-- TOC -->

#### 1. What is Android Jetpack Compose, and why was it introduced?

Android Jetpack Compose is a modern UI toolkit introduced by Google for building native Android applications. It was
introduced to simplify and enhance the UI development process by providing a declarative and reactive approach to
building UIs.

#### 2. Explain the difference between View-based UI framework and Jetpack Compose.

The View-based UI framework uses XML layout files and imperative code to create and manage UI components. Jetpack
Compose, on the other hand, uses a declarative approach where UI components are described as functions of the
application state. Compose simplifies UI development, reduces boilerplate code, and provides a more intuitive way to
create interactive UIs.

#### 3. What are the advantages of using Jetpack Compose over the traditional View system?

Advantages of Jetpack Compose include:

* Declarative UI: Compose allows developers to describe the UI based on the current state, making the code more concise
and readable.
* Live Previews: Compose offers real-time UI previews in Android Studio, enabling instant visual feedback during
development.
* Simplified State Management: Compose simplifies state management by automatically recomposing only the affected parts
of the UI when the state changes.
* Enhanced Performance: Compose leverages efficient rendering and diffing algorithms, resulting in improved performance
compared to the traditional View system.

#### 4. What is a Composable function in Jetpack Compose?

A Composable function is a regular Kotlin function annotated with the @Composable annotation. It is the fundamental
building block in Jetpack Compose and describes a UI component's appearance and behavior. Composable functions are
independent of the activity or fragment lifecycle, making them reusable and testable.

#### 5. How does state management work in Jetpack Compose?

State management in Jetpack Compose revolves around the concept of mutable state. Compose provides the mutableStateOf
function to create observable state objects. When the state changes, Jetpack Compose automatically recomposes only the
affected parts of the UI, ensuring efficient UI updates.

#### 6. What is the role of the Modifier in Jetpack Compose?

The Modifier is used to customize and apply transformations to UI elements in Jetpack Compose. It allows you to specify
properties such as size, padding, alignment, background color, and more. Modifiers can be chained together to apply
multiple transformations to a single UI element.

#### 7. How is navigation handled in Jetpack Compose?

Navigation in Jetpack Compose is handled using the Navigation Compose library. It introduces the concept of navigation
graphs, where each screen or destination is represented by a composable function. The navigation graph defines the
connections between destinations, and navigation actions can be triggered using predefined navigation methods.

#### 8. Explain the concept of recomposition in Jetpack Compose.

Recomposition is the process of automatically updating only the parts of the UI that have changed when the state
variables of a Composable function are modified. Jetpack Compose tracks the dependencies between Composable functions
and their state variables. When a state variable changes, only the affected Composable functions are recomposed,
ensuring efficient UI updates.

#### 9. How can you handle user input and events in Jetpack Compose?

User input and events can be handled using event callbacks and state variables in Jetpack Compose. Composable functions
can define event callbacks that are triggered when a user interacts with the UI. These callbacks can modify the state
variables, leading to UI recomposition and updates.

#### 10. What is the purpose of ViewModel in Jetpack Compose?

ViewModel in Jetpack Compose is used for managing and preserving UI-related data across configuration changes. It
provides a way to separate the UI logic from the UI components and allows sharing data between multiple Composable
functions. ViewModels can be accessed using the viewModel or viewModel<>() functions.

#### 11. How does Jetpack Compose integrate with existing Android frameworks and libraries?

Jetpack Compose can be integrated with existing Android frameworks and libraries by using interoperability features.
Compose provides compatibility libraries to bridge the gap between Compose and existing View-based UI components.
Additionally, Compose supports the embedding of traditional View-based components within Composable functions using the
AndroidView or ComposeView APIs.

#### 12. What are the key components of the Jetpack Compose architecture?

The key components of the Jetpack Compose architecture include Composable functions, state management, the Modifier
system, navigation with the Navigation Compose library, ViewModel, and integration with existing Android frameworks.

#### 13. How do you perform animations in Jetpack Compose?

Animations in Jetpack Compose can be performed using the animate* family of functions. These functions allow you to
animate changes to UI properties, such as size, position, opacity, and color. Jetpack Compose handles the animation
updates and UI recomposition automatically.

#### 14. What is the purpose of ConstraintLayout in Jetpack Compose?

ConstraintLayout in Jetpack Compose is used to create complex and responsive layouts. It allows you to define
constraints between UI elements, enabling flexible positioning and resizing based on the available space.
ConstraintLayout helps in building dynamic and adaptive UIs.

#### 15. How do you handle theming and styling in Jetpack Compose?

Theming and styling in Jetpack Compose are handled using the MaterialTheme and @Composable functions. MaterialTheme
provides a pre-defined set of styles and attributes, while the @Composable function allows for creating custom styles
and applying them to UI elements.

#### 16. Explain the concept of side effects in Jetpack Compose.

Side effects in Jetpack Compose refer to operations that have additional effects beyond modifying the UI state. Examples
include making network requests, accessing databases, or updating shared preferences. Side effects are handled using
functions like LaunchedEffect or DisposableEffect, which allow you to perform these operations while ensuring proper
lifecycle management.

#### 17. How can you handle asynchronous operations in Jetpack Compose?

Asynchronous operations in Jetpack Compose can be handled using Kotlin coroutines and the suspend function modifier. You
can launch coroutines within Composable functions using LaunchedEffect or other coroutine builders. This allows you to
perform asynchronous operations off the main thread and update the UI when the operation completes.

#### 18. What are Compose key events, and how are they used?

Compose key events allow you to handle keyboard events, such as key presses, in Jetpack Compose. You can use the
onKeyEvent modifier to listen to key events and define the corresponding actions within Composable functions.

#### 19. How do you test UI components in Jetpack Compose?

Jetpack Compose provides a testing framework that allows you to write tests for UI components. You can use the
@Composable test rule and the composeTestRule to interact with and assert the behavior of Composable functions and UI
elements.

#### 20. What is the purpose of remember in Jetpack Compose, and how is it used?

The remember function in Jetpack Compose is used to create and store a value that survives recomposition. It allows you
to preserve and reuse expensive computations or expensive objects, optimizing performance by avoiding unnecessary
recomputations.

#### 21. What is the role of StateFlow and SharedFlow in Jetpack Compose?

StateFlow and SharedFlow are part of the Kotlin coroutines library and can be used in Jetpack Compose for managing state
and asynchronous data streams. StateFlow represents a state value that can be observed for changes, while SharedFlow
represents a hot data stream that can be collected by multiple collectors.

#### 22. How can you handle input validation in Jetpack Compose?

Input validation in Jetpack Compose can be handled by combining state management and event callbacks. You can use state
variables to hold the input values and define validation logic within event callbacks or helper functions. Based on the
validation results, you can update the UI to provide feedback to the user.

#### 23. Explain the concept of lazy composition in Jetpack Compose.

Lazy composition in Jetpack Compose allows you to defer the execution of expensive Composable functions until they are
actually needed. It helps optimize performance by only recomposing and rendering UI components when they become visible
or relevant to the current state.

#### 24. What are recomposition triggers, and how can you use them?

Recomposition triggers are used to manually trigger recomposition of specific parts of the UI. They allow you to control
the timing of UI updates and ensure that only the necessary parts are recomposed. Recomposition triggers can be used in
scenarios where you want to force an update, such as handling external events or user interactions.

#### 25. How can you handle keyboard input in Jetpack Compose?

Keyboard input in Jetpack Compose can be handled using the TextField component. It provides an editable text field that
allows users to enter text and handles keyboard events, such as input changes or key presses. You can customize the
behavior of the TextField using various parameters and modifiers.

#### 26. What is the role of CompositionLocal in Jetpack Compose?

CompositionLocal in Jetpack Compose is used to provide values that can be accessed by the Composable functions in the
composition tree. It allows you to pass down values, such as themes, fonts, or other contextual information, without
explicitly passing them through function parameters.

#### 27. How do you handle orientation changes in Jetpack Compose?

Orientation changes in Jetpack Compose are handled automatically by recomposing the UI based on the new configuration.
Composable functions that define the UI layout and behavior will be recomposed with the updated configuration, allowing
the UI to adapt to the new orientation.

#### 28. Explain the concept of accessibility support in Jetpack Compose.

Accessibility support in Jetpack Compose allows you to create UIs that are accessible to users with disabilities.
Compose provides accessibility modifiers, such as semantics, screenReaderOnly, and clickable, to enhance the
accessibility of UI elements. You can also use setContentDescription to provide meaningful descriptions for screen
readers.

#### 29. How can you integrate Jetpack Compose with data binding?

Jetpack Compose can be integrated with data binding by using the observeAsState function. It allows you to observe
LiveData objects from the data binding library and use them as state variables within Composable functions. This
enables
seamless integration between Compose and data binding in mixed projects.

#### 30. What are the best practices for performance optimization in Jetpack Compose?

Some best practices for performance optimization in Jetpack Compose include:
Minimize unnecessary recompositions by using immutable state objects and avoiding excessive state changes.
Use the remember function to cache expensive computations and avoid unnecessary recomputations.
Use the key parameter to explicitly control the identity of Composable functions and optimize the diffing algorithm.
Use LaunchedEffect and other coroutine-based APIs to perform asynchronous operations off the main thread and ensure
smooth and responsive user interfaces in Jetpack Compose.
